Previously on
"Criminal Minds"...
I got her!
No, no, no. No, Emily.
Stay with me.
Come on, stay with me.
Where's my medic?!
She never made it
off the table.
I didn't get a chance
to say good-bye.
Passports from
3 different countries
and a bank account in each one
to keep you comfortable.
Thank you.
Good luck.
Penelope, you gotta stop
staring at her.
I can't help it.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
So I came in here to do what?
Talk about losing Emily?
Strauss put you up to this?
The assessment's routine.
I asked her to let me do it
rather than bring in
somebody from the outside.
So let me guess... it's about
the 5 stages of grief.
You want to figure out
where we all are. Hmm?
All right.
Denial. I'm fine, this
can't be happening to me.
Well, it didn't
happen to me, did it?
So that rules that out.
What else is there?
Bargaining.
Depression.
Acceptance.
Well, obviously
I haven't accepted it,
otherwise I wouldn't be
in here.
So where does that leave me?
Angry.
Yeah.
Yeah, sometimes I feel
like I want to quit my job
and spend my time chasing down the
son of a bitch who killed Emily.
You're damn right I'm angry.
Please...No,
you gotta let me go.
Let me out of here, please.
Please let me go!
Why aren't you listening to me?
I need you to try
and stay still.
Can I get someone
over here to help me?
Hold down her legs.
I need a full injection of...
I need you to try
and take a deep breath.
No! No!
Hi, how's it goin'?
Hi.
I'd like to buy a gun.
What are you looking for?
A .38?
Um, the kind that spins.
Yeah.
A revolver.
Ok.
This one here produces
little recoil.
Good for target-shooting
and personal defense.
Here, check it out.
I'll take it.
Ok.
Do you have a gun license?
No.
Well, how about a permit?
You know, there's a mandatory
3-day waiting period
on all handgun purchases.
3 days?
State law.
Here.
Fill this out,
and I'll be back
in a few minutes.
Ok?
Hi, how you doing?
Yeah, I have that.
No, it's got
a good sweep. Back up.
What are you doing?
Hey!
A deadly chain of events
to report to you today.
Approximately 45 minutes ago,
4 people were shot to death
in a gun shop
on West Waters street.
Tampa PD Are calling
this mass murder unprecedented.
A woman went in there
and just shot up the place?
Yeah, witnesses heard gunshots
and saw a woman
leaving the store.
Is there enough for a sketch?
Family-owned business.
No cameras.
The only thing of value
the witnesses said
was that she seemed
really calm.
Like an office
or school shooter.
Did she work there?
No. Local police have
already ruled that out.
Then she must have known
one of her victims.
I doubt this was random.
You know, Klebold and Harris
documented their hatred
of the athletes at columbine,
but on the day,
they targeted the cafeteria
instead of the gymnasium because
they were only interested
in obtaining the highest
possible body count.
These offenders usually hole up
in one location and
eventually commit suicide,
either by their own hand
or in a shootout with police.
But this woman took off
before the cops arrived.
She's probably not finished.
Sync by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
I get it. We're a family,
and it's important
that families talk, and
holding it in will just make
this sick, sad feeling
of awfulness more awful.
Right?
Internalizing
does make it worse.
I'll talk, but I don't want
to talk about her being gone.
Can I talk about
how she made me smile?
Of course.
Ok.
Poet Antonio Porchia wrote,
"man, when he does not grieve,
hardly exists."
Larry Connors,
born and raised in Tampa.
He's owned the gun store
for 16 years.
Seaver, what did you
find out about victimology?
They're all locals
with similar backgrounds.
Blue collar jobs,
they're all divorced,
and they've all got tempers.
Most of them have misdemeanor
bar fights on their record.
Testosterone-fueled victims,
but somehow she still gets
the drop on all of them.
Men like this may not
view her as a threat
because she's a woman.
Who's likely in the middle
of a psychotic break.
We should check
psych wards in the area
for recent releases.
And run incident reports
on women
who've been asked to leave
businesses
due to angry outbursts.
How far do we want
to go back? A year?
No, more than that.
No incident is too small.
She's probably been boiling
for a while.
Unless she's in serious
denial, then she's been
burying her feelings, which would
have just made her worse and worse.
The question is,
why did she choose today?
Hi, this is Don.
Leave a message
and I'll call you back
as soon as possible.
I called you at the station
and, um, they said that
you weren't there.
And you're not here.
And I still can't believe
you changed your cell.
Am I that much of a burden?
Don, I... I need
to talk to you, today.
Will you... will you
meet me at the mall?
Please?
Chief Thiers.
Thanks for coming.
Agent Rossi.
This is agent Hotchner.
Good morning.
The store was only open a few
minutes when this went down.
Hell of a way to start the day.
Kept the bodies here long past
their expiration date.
Trying to help us figure out
what the hell went on in here.
It would appear 4 shots fired
from generally this position.
4 dead.
Proficient.
She comes in with a gun
and she gets all the way
to the counter
without attracting attention?
Was this case unlocked
when you got here?
We haven't touched a thing.
There seems to be a .38
revolver missing.
And 2 .38 rounds
on the floor
and all the ammo
is still locked up.
She brought bullets from
home and came in unarmed?
Access to the ammo
but not the weapon.
So, she knew what gun
to ask for.
So she comes to the counter,
asks for the .38,
he gives her
a permit application.
Which she doesn't fill out.
But there's a 3-day
waiting period.
Maybe she's got a record,
knows she won't pass
the background.
Or there's something about
today and she can't wait.
So she discreetly loads it,
goes to leave,
they stop her...
Not realizing it's loaded.
But if it's just
a gun she wants,
why kill all these guys?
They were in the way.
This woman had access
to ammo for a .38,
but not a gun.
She most likely lives
with someone
who's into guns but
doesn't allow her access.
Usually locking weapons
is a way to protect children,
but to keep a key from her is a
controlling and dominating act.
She could be in
an abusive relationship
and today's the day
she had enough.
She stole the gun
at 9:00 this morning.
If she needed it
to go after somebody,
why hasn't she done it yet?
Maybe she was them hostage
right now and is working up
the courage to end it all.
Or maybe her target
knows her personally
and isn't letting her get
close enough for a kill.
And she's setting a trap
and waiting.
Mommy!
Are you ok?
What happened?
Did you hurt yourself?
Did you hurt your knee?
Here, I'll help you.
I'll help you.
Come here. There you go.
Is this your son?
What? Yeah, he...
he needs my help.
What?
Are you his mother?
No, I mean, he's hurt.
Can't you see that?
Son, where's your mom?
I'll take it from here,
ma'am. Let go.
You gotta help him.
Do something. Do something.
You gotta do something.
You see right there?
Don't... don't take him.
Please.
Please, he needs my help.
Ma'am, I'm gonna
need you to leave.
No... no, but he needs me.
I'm not gonna ask you again.
No, you don't understand.
I mean, he's... he's...
all right, ma'am,
let's go. Let's go.
Let's go!
No.
No! He needs me.
No, honestly, he needs me!
Let's go, ma'am.
Garcia, based on victimology,
the unsub's husband
or boyfriend
most likely owns a .38.
We need you to search
for white males
age 35 to 50 who have
registered that model.
We think he might be
law enforcement or military.
It's possible the unsub
was in an abusive relationship
that contributed
to her breakdown, Garcia.
So look for crossover with
reports of domestic abuse.
This is tricky. Do you have
anything else to narrow it down?
Why?
Because Florida's
a stand-your-ground state.
Castle doctrine based on English
common law that allows homeowners
to use deadly force
to protect their land.
Yeah, it's a high-falutin
way of saying that the gun laws
are lax at best.
After the 2008 elections,
the floridians were nervous about
losing their second amendment rights
and gun sales
shot through the roof,
pun intended.
How many of those men
fit that profile in Tampa?
As it stand right now, 638.
There's been another shooting.
The media's gonna
run with this.
We need to talk to the
press as soon as possible.
And do what? Just confirm we
have an armed woman on the loose
and we can't find her?
Yes. And to let people know
that they need to be vigilant.
Paul lyons, security guard.
- No.
- Was he armed?
You saw video?
And all we have
are the overhead cameras?
Yes, and they're scattered.
Best we got from the video is a
woman with short brown hair.
And she was sitting here.
Right.
It looks like she was waiting
for someone that never showed.
And instead, she takes out
her rage on the guard,
in front of the children.
As he escorted her
out of the building.
Still, that's pretty controlled
not to turn on anyone else.
That's true. She could have easily
taken out more people and she didn't.
He was the person
that got in her way.
She's not ready to confront
the source of her rage yet.
Yet?
Until she is,
this will probably
happen again.
Get down on the ground!
Help.
Ma'am, please pull forward.
Please help me.
All right, ma'am,
please don't move.
Will you help him?
Help who?
You gotta get him.
You gotta get my son.
Another ambulance
is on the way.
No, somebody take him.
I can't get him.
Another ambulance
is on the way.
Ok. Ok. Wait.
No, no, no.
No, where are you going?
Damion?
Damion...
My God, why won't you help him?
Why won't you help him?
Ma'am, will you please
step out of the vehicle?
The last time I was on
a couch like this
was when my father left.
They all thought
I needed to talk,
but developmentally I wasn't
guided by conscience.
I could only reveal what
my mother and teachers
told me was acceptable.
You told them exactly when you
knew they wanted to hear.
You don't have to do that here.
It's just unfair
that she's gone.
It's like if we can't
keep each other safe,
then why are we even
doing any of this?
It's...Sometimes
I think maybe...
maybe gideon was right,
you know, maybe...
Maybe it's just not worth it.
The officer is in
critical condition.
Anybody get a plate?
No, just a partial description.
Teal green wagon.
Garcia...
This woman opens fire
in broad daylight
at a police checkpoint.
She's desperate.
This was an act of survival.
Where does this road lead?
I-275.
Florida highway patrol
has traffic cams
all the way to St. Pete.
She won't get far.
Two EMTs just got shot
in Oakford park.
Where's that?
It's the opposite direction.
She went back?
She's on a mission.
Address the grace period...
Looking good, buddy.
Even higher.
Oh, honey, that's too close.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, you look beautiful.
Just smile.
No.
Damion, come here.
Save me.
Get her to smile.
Smile, mama. Smile.
Yeah, smile, mommy.
Ok, you smile with me.
I'll smile for you.
Dad, he needs to just back
up a little bit.
Yeah...
Now I'm gonna get you.
Her emotional turmoil
appears to be manifesting
in the geographic pattern
of her spree.
Meaning?
There's a reason
she hasn't left.
Her first was the gun store
in west Tampa,
then the security guard
in Ybor city,
then the officer at the
checkpoint in riverside heights,
then finally the EMTs
in Oakford park.
She's like a bouncing ball.
There's no logic.
She circled back
after getting through
a roadblock.
She's driven purely by emotion.
She doesn't care about
self-preservation or escape.
It's like she has
nothing to live for.
She may have suffered
a loss herself
and she blaming someone for it.
We're looking
for a white female
between the ages of 30 and 40,
driving a teal green
station wagon.
But the only thing that
matters is her behavior.
Which is random.
She's all over the place.
She could have escaped
through that roadblock,
but she circled back instead.
This tells us she's got
a score to settle.
Here. Today.
Like what?
When emotional decisions
drive an unsub,
it's usually connected
to an incredible loss,
the idea that there's
nothing to live for.
We believe that this woman's been through
the devastating loss of a child.
She woke up this morning, loaded
up with bullets, and stole a gun.
That is not
a typical Wednesday.
Today means something to her.
She's been lashing out
at the hero, and we believe
that's because she feels
deeply betrayed
by one who let her down.
The fact that her anger
seems to be focused
on first responders instead of
hospital personnel or doctors
indicates that her child probably
didn't die of natural causes.
Most likely it was
some kind of accident.
And if that's so, she believes
he should have been saved
but wasn't.
Rage like this has been built
up over time, possibly years.
And it's debilitating.
She probably hasn't been
a functioning member of society
since the loss of her child.
This rampage was her final
attempt to be heard.
What she started...
Ends today.
You mind if I sit here?
Hey.
Hey, we've met before.
Mommy and me at the rec, right?
Oh, gosh, it's... it must
have been a few years ago,
before the kids hit preschool.
Where's your son?
I'm sorry, wh-what?
Well, ours were just a few
months apart, weren't they?
Mine's over there.
He's gonna be as tall
as me soon.
It goes so fast, doesn't it?
I swear, it has been
the longest and the shortest
6 years of my life.
Police say
this dangerous suspect
has left a trail of blood
behind her.
After wounding an officer
at a roadblock,
she circled back and fired
at two paramedics.
Luckily she missed,
keeping her body count at 5.
A source inside the Tampa PD
Told us FBI profilers
have been brought in...
We need to try to communicate
with this woman directly.
But she's not talking,
she's shooting.
She feels ignored.
The media is
sensationalizing the story.
She'll continue to respond
violently to regain control.
She shot a cop.
The men she's targeted
are my responsibility.
You asked for our help.
Let us do our job.
Inclement
weather continues hot and humid
for the remainder of the week.
We have an 80% chance of a
thunderstorm coming in tonight
with possible rainfall.
That could be a major relief
for local residents.
We have a special alert coming
in from the Tampa police.
The FBI is preparing to
make a statement right now.
This is Aaron Hotchner
with the FBI.
Our team has come
from Quantico, Virginia,
because we want to talk to you.
We know that you have
a personal message
that you need to share
with the world.
All we ask is that
you stop hurting people,
because we are listening.
We know you've been hurt
and you've suffered
a terrible loss,
and we want to talk
to you about it.
We want to know
how we can help.
We've taken the first step.
Now it's up to you.
You can contact me
at 1-800-555-0140.
Again, that number is... Aren't we gonna
get flooded by people calling that number?
I am hawkeyeing the cell towers
in her comfort zone.
If anyone calls from there,
I will know first and fast.
I called you at the station,
and, um, they said that you
weren't... you weren't there.
And you're not here. And I still
can't believe you changed your cell.
Am I that much of a burden?
Don, I... I need to talk
to you, today.
Will you... will you
meet me at the mall?
Please?
Hi, Don.
There are benefits
to meeting after hours.
You know everyone's feeling it and
nobody wants to talk about it.
It's too soon, Aaron.
You know that better
than anyone.
And, uh, doesn't Strauss
usually run these assessments?
There was no way
that was gonna happen.
Yeah, I didn't think so.
And I also know
that you grieve privately.
But you've been through
more than any of us
in a very short time.
How are you holding up?
I'm all right.
I think it's
an ongoing process.
This is not my assessment.
I'm supposed to be asking
how you're doing.
I've always had trouble
letting people in.
But this is different.
I guess I've come to realize...
I'm more married to this team
than I ever was to 3 ex-wives.
It's been a hard year.
We'll get through it.
Yeah. We will.
Emily and Haley.
You're supposed to stay
100 yards away from me.
Please, don't give me the
letter of the law right now.
Then don't give me this.
Why are you carrying
that around?
I just need to feel better.
And that concerns me how?
They don't remember.
No one remembers.
Don, I just need to talk.
Ok.
No leads on the hotline
and no sign of her vehicle.
This woman obviously
has a plan.
The only clear decision
she made this morning
was walking into
that gun store.
There are 8 of them in her comfort zone.
Why choose that one?
Convenience.
Maybe it's close to where she lives.
If we're saying this morning is
when she was the most clear-headed,
then it was a conscious decision to
walk into that particular store.
I mean, do you have
anything of his?
I mean, not even a painting.
Nothing.
You came all the way
over here for this?
You're just like
everybody else.
And you'd rather forget him than
admit you couldn't save him.
I choose to remember
the good times.
Well, I don't have that luxury.
I have hundreds of teal wagons.
None of the registrations match the
physical description of our unsub.
What about the gun store?
Mm. And then there's that.
I searched the entire history
of Larry's gun shop.
Nothing of significance
has ever happened there
aside from this
morning's massacre.
And on top of that, you know those
600-plus registered .38 owners?
They bought them
all over the city,
so we're pretty much screwed unless you can
think of some other kind of connection.
Then the date only
means something to her.
Garcia, we profiled that
it was a major loss.
Run accident reports.
Look for young victims.
She seems to be going
after heroes.
Ok, you guys,
I'm doing that now,
but this will take forever.
Tampa's got almost
half a million people.
Everybody's got a story.
How am I even supposed to...
Yeah.
Oh?
My superskills
just squelched my pessimism.
I have a couple
of accidents here
that happened
in the last few years
on or around today's date.
Please hold while I deduce.
This looks promising.
Ok, there was a high-speed traffic
chase in west Tampa last year.
A policeman was killed.
Who were they chasing?
Uh, Hanley Waters.
Maybe he's the target.
No. He's in jail.
He started a whole mess
because he decided to do
an armed robbery
at a liquor store and then have a
high-speed car chase with the cops.
Oh, there's video.
It's 365 days ago to the dot.
I'm sending this
to your tablets.
Observe and prepare yourself.
Who is it who got hit?
Tampa mom Shelly Chamberlain.
She was unhurt.
Her 6-year-old Damion died.
That's her.
Oh... and today is Damion's
birthday.
Your son enters and leaves
your life on the same date.
That's one hell of a stressor.
It explains why she went
on her spree today.
All the good and bad memories
are hitting her at once.
And to add salt to it all,
the fallen policeman
was the only one
who got any attention.
Damion was like a footnote.
If Shelly Chamberlain
is our unsub
and the man who caused
this is in jail,
then who's her target?
I didn't come here to fight.
Especially not today.
Well, that's the only way
we know how to communicate.
Will you come celebrate
Damion's birthday with me?
Let's go to his favorite place.
Shelly...
What? It wouldn't
kill you to go.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Why has it always been
so hard for you
to give me what I want?
I mean, you weren't there
for his birthday.
I tried, Shelly.
You know I tried.
You refused to stay with me
after he died.
That's not true.
And now here you are
again saying no.
Just this last time.
I mean...
That's all I'm asking.
Garcia, what's Shelly's
marital status?
Don Chamberlain,
city firefighter.
He filed for divorce
3 months ago.
A local hero, like some
of the others she shot.
But the pain of losing a child
destroyed the marriage.
He could be the next target
of her rage,
the man who didn't bear
witness to her grief.
Morgan, you find him.
Dave and I will go to Shelly's house.
Clear!
Clear.
Shelly's car is still here.
And don's is gone.
Which means she beat us here
and she moved him in his car.
But why didn't she
just kill him?
She didn't travel with any
of her other victims.
He must play some part
in the fantasy of her rage.
She wants to punish him
for something.
The bullets were here.
But Don took the gun
when he moved out.
Dave?
She broke mirrors
all over the house.
She's disgusted with herself.
She's built emotional walls...
guilt, worthlessness,
hopelessness.
Then she decided she was
tired of waking up this way.
Let me show you something else.
His father was a fireman.
His hero.
Everything's perfect.
Clearly,
she's enshrined her son.
She couldn't let go.
There's not a single reminder of
Damion anywhere in this house.
Because Don had accepted it?
It's only been a year.
What are the chances he's done grieving?
Maybe that's why she's mad at
him and wants him to suffer.
Hey, guys, look at this.
Don edited it together
and he put music to it.
This is how he grieved.
Yeah, but she
wouldn't know that.
She might force him to grieve
the same way she does.
Where? Their son's grave?
It looks like they celebrated their
son's third, fourth, and fifth birthday
at sir burger.
Her day is coming to an end,
and today's an anniversary.
That's gotta be
where she's going.
Look at the camera.
Come on.
Hi, daddy!
Welcome to sir burger.
You folks know what you want?
One birthday surprise, please.
Outstanding.
And where is
the birthday boy or girl?
He, uh...Couldn't make it.
Oh, sir, then
I can't give you that.
It's reserved
for children, so...
He always had
a birthday surprise.
I want a birthday surprise.
Ma'am, it's our policy.
We, uh, can't give you that.
For God sakes, Shel.
We're here.
Isn't that enough?
Just order something else.
You know, you wouldn't be here
if it wasn't for me.
Shelly...
Ok, uh, one birthday
surprise coming up.
No, it's too late for that.
What are you doing?
You don't care.
That is not true, Shel.
There's not a second in the day
when I don't think,
if I'd only been there,
if I'd only taken a day off
of work for his birthday.
But we have to move on.
Shel, at some point
we have to move on.
Will you stop saying that.
We can't.
How can we move on
without Damion?
Hon, you see this?
Look at you, sweetie.
Hey, is it your birthday?
Put it away, shel.
Stay away from me.
Come on. Shelly...
Shelly...
now I mean it, Don.
Mama...
Let's get out of here.
You know, you, uh,
you remind me of my son.
We used to come here.
He liked this place a lot.
Please.
What's going on?
It's gonna be fine.
We're leaving now.
No.
No, we're gonna stay
and we're gonna celebrate.
How many people
we got in there?
Not sure. 5 or 6.
Manager got some out.
I'm calling in SWAT.
Don't do that.
If she feels pressured,
she might snap.
She hasn't done that already?
If I get the shot,
I'm taking it.
I'd like to try to talk to her.
It's too late for that.
She's got hostages.
She's probably
not aware of them.
Well, I am. It's my job
to protect them.
You don't have line of sight
and a sniper round
could pass through her
and into somebody else.
Blow out the candles, sweetie.
It's ok.
Mm.
Now cut a piece.
Now that's enough.
Leave him alone.
No, he's gonna have
a piece of cake.
Hello.
This is Aaron Hotchner
with the FBI. Who is this?
This is bill.
I'm the manager.
No.
Bill, is anyone hurt?
Can you see the woman
with the gun?
Yes.
Can you get the phone to her?
No, I can't go back over there.
She's lost it.
I don't know what she's gonna do.
I-I'm sorry.
Ok. Stay where you are.
We'll get you out soon.
He can't get the phone to her.
I'm gonna go in.
You sure about this?
She hasn't hurt anyone.
This is about her family
and her grief.
If she's at the end of her break
and nothing else matters,
she could do anything, hotch.
I'll keep my Mike open.
Ok, he's done.
We can go now.
He needs to open
his presents now.
Come on, Shelly...
stay away from me.
Shel...
Shelly?
I'm serious.
Who are you?
My name is Aaron Hotchner.
I'm with the FBI.
And I know
it's Damion's birthday,
and I just want to tell you how
sorry I am for what happened.
What... what's going on?
It's ok. He's here to help.
No... nobody helps.
You... you...
you don't know a thing
about Damion.
I know he was a happy
and confident little boy.
H-how... how could you know that?
I have a picture of him,
standing next to you.
You're holding his hand and he's smiling.
He's not...Hiding behind you
like some children do.
It tells me that you encouraged him
and you gave him a lot of confidence.
That picture,
it doesn't belong to you.
I know. That's why I want
you to have it back.
Wait... no... how did you...
you turning 7 today, Sam?
Were you in my...
that's not much older
than Damion.
I know you don't want to scare
Sam, so they're gonna leave now.
Bill, will you
show them out, please?
No! What...
what are you doing?
Go!
No... what's......
what's going on?
Don, I found this picture
of you and Damion.
It's clear who his hero was.
I know you blame yourself,
and you shouldn't.
And, Shelly, all the hurt that
you might inflict on people
is not gonna bring him back.
They need to know
what they did.
Believe me, everyone who
tried to save him that day
isn't gonna forget.
It's the day they failed.
They'll ask themselves
what they could have done.
Could they have
gotten here sooner?
They'll heal,
but it's gonna take time.
They'll move on,
but they won't forget.
I could see that...
that he was dying.
And I tried
to help him. I tried.
I tried.
Please don't. Please.
I said, honey,
honey, it's gonna be all right.
It's gonna be all right.
You hear those sirens?
Do you hear those sirens?
That is daddy,
and daddy is coming,
and he's gonna...
he's gonna help us.
He's gonna save us.
But you never came.
I know.
I know, Shelly,
and I'm so sorry.
You know that.
Yeah, but he doesn't know that!
He doesn't know that.
I... I made a promise
to him.
I promised him...
Shelly, you have to stop
blaming yourself.
No.
You cut it out.
Cut it out.
No, honey.
Honey, I'm driving.
No, I'm not kidding, Damion.
You're being mean, mama.
I'm driving. Don't kick
my seat when I'm driving.
I yelled at him.
And it was...
it was...
The last thing he heard.
That's your regret.
It's not what he remembers.
Look. Look how
happy he was.
No, I can't. I can't.
Losing him is not your fault.
He was taken from you
and that's not fair.
But while he was here,
while you were lucky
enough to have him,
he was happy.
That's how he lived
and that's how he left.
60 seconds.
If I had just gotten there
60 seconds earlier,
Emily might still be with us.
Derek, you know that
you did everything you could.
Yeah, yeah, I know. I did everything I could.
We all did. I know.
What, that's supposed
to make me feel better?
You protected each other
for years.
Don't expect this
to go away anytime soon.
This what? This what?
This guilt?
Just because you were
the last one there
doesn't mean that you
could affect the outcome.
We all wish we had
that kind of control.
So what do we do, we just
chalk it up to fate?
What, I can't blame anybody?
What, this is the will of God? No.
I do blame somebody.
I blame Doyle.
Hotch, what am I
supposed to do?
She was my friend.
I lost my friend
right in front of me.
And I'm supposed to go on
like nothing happened?
You know, we, um...
We come in here
and we talk to you.
Where do you go?
Where are you in all of this?
The same place as you.
Wishing she was here.
Sync by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org